[shopsys] added personalization to Luigi's Box search (#3044)
shopsys/shopsys: UPGRADE-14.0.md

        -   they were renamed to `tid` everywhere, so you should do the same
    -   as the docker setup for running acceptance tests was improved, makefile commands (`run-acceptance-tests-base` and `run-acceptance-tests-actual`) should be used to run tests
    -   add `closeOnClick` to all toast messages, as even though this should not be necessary (it is the default option), it does not work without it

-   add new argument to enable personalized search and refactor stores ([#2999](https://github.com/shopsys/shopsys/pull/2999))

    -   additional `userId` argument is added to search queries that is used for `Luigi's box`, this unique `userIdentifier` is generated and saved in persisted store
    -   `useStoreHydration` is renamed to `usePersistStoreHydration`

>     -   product image during navigation (back in history between products) was not changing, this is fix by add `key` prop to gallery component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -   product image during navigation (back in history between products) was not changing, this was fixed by adding `key` prop to gallery component
```
